README.md, before:

# Hi, I’m Romnick. Nice to meet you. 👋

I am a **Software Developer** who specializes in building scalable web applications, automating testing workflows, and improving user experiences. I have been passionate about creating solutions that provide **real value** to users. Currently, I focus on building expertise in **user experience design** because successful applications today depend on user friendliness, enjoyability, and efficiency aligned with user's journey and needs.

## ⛳ Skills

### Frontend Development

<div>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB" alt="React" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-563D7C?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white" alt="Bootstrap" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Sass-CC6699?style=for-the-badge&logo=sass&logoColor=white" alt="SASS" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/jQuery-0769AD?style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery&logoColor=white" alt="jQuery" />
</div>

### Backend Development

<div>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-14354C?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white" alt="Python" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-777BB4?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white" alt="PHP" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-00ADD8?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white" alt="Go" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node%20js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white" alt="Node.js" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Express%20js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white" alt="Express" />
</div>

### Databases & Storage

<div>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-00000F?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white" alt="MySQL" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SQLite-07405E?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white" alt="SQLite" />
</div>

### UI/UX & Graphic Design

<div>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-F24E1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white" alt="Figma" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20Photoshop-31A8FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20Photoshop&logoColor=black" alt="Adobe Photoshop" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20Illustrator-FF9A00?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe%20illustrator&logoColor=white" alt="Adobe Illustrator" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20InDesign-FF3366?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20InDesign&logoColor=white" alt="Adobe InDesign" />
</div>

### Testing & Automation

<div>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Selenium-023020?style=for-the-badge&logo=selenium&logoColor=00FF00" alt="Selenium" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-14354C?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white" alt="Python" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Jenkins-D24939?style=for-the-badge&logo=Jenkins&logoColor=white" alt="Jenkins" />
</div>

### Documentation & Collaboration

<div>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Markdown-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white" alt="Markdown" />
  <img src="assets/badge/Sphinx.webp" height="28" alt="Sphinx" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Trello-0052CC?style=for-the-badge&logo=trello&logoColor=white" alt="Trello" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Miro-050038?style=for-the-badge&logo=Miro&logoColor=white" alt="Miro" />
  <img src="assets/badge/Coggle.webp" height="28" alt="Coggle" />
</div>

Commit message:

ADD: Resume link on intro

README.md, after:

# Hi, I’m Romnick. Nice to meet you. 👋

I am a **Software Developer** who specializes in building scalable web applications, automating testing workflows, and improving user experiences. I have been passionate about creating solutions that provide **real value** to users. Currently, I focus on building expertise in **user experience design** and **modern web technologies** because successful applications today depend on user friendliness, enjoyability, and efficiency aligned with user's journey and needs. Feel free to read **[my resume](https://rmamisay.vercel.app/Resume.pdf)**.

## ⛳ Skills

### Frontend Development

<div>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB" alt="React" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-563D7C?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white" alt="Bootstrap" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Sass-CC6699?style=for-the-badge&logo=sass&logoColor=white" alt="SASS" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/jQuery-0769AD?style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery&logoColor=white" alt="jQuery" />
</div>

### Backend Development

<div>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-14354C?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white" alt="Python" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-777BB4?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white" alt="PHP" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-00ADD8?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white" alt="Go" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node%20js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white" alt="Node.js" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Express%20js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white" alt="Express" />
</div>

### Databases & Storage

<div>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-00000F?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white" alt="MySQL" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SQLite-07405E?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white" alt="SQLite" />
</div>

### UI/UX & Graphic Design

<div>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-F24E1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white" alt="Figma" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20Photoshop-31A8FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20Photoshop&logoColor=black" alt="Adobe Photoshop" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20Illustrator-FF9A00?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe%20illustrator&logoColor=white" alt="Adobe Illustrator" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20InDesign-FF3366?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20InDesign&logoColor=white" alt="Adobe InDesign" />
</div>

### Testing & Automation

<div>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Selenium-023020?style=for-the-badge&logo=selenium&logoColor=00FF00" alt="Selenium" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-14354C?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white" alt="Python" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Jenkins-D24939?style=for-the-badge&logo=Jenkins&logoColor=white" alt="Jenkins" />
</div>

### Documentation & Collaboration

<div>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Markdown-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white" alt="Markdown" />
  <img src="assets/badge/Sphinx.webp" height="28" alt="Sphinx" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Trello-0052CC?style=for-the-badge&logo=trello&logoColor=white" alt="Trello" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Miro-050038?style=for-the-badge&logo=Miro&logoColor=white" alt="Miro" />
  <img src="assets/badge/Coggle.webp" height="28" alt="Coggle" />
</div>
