# My Day-to-Day Activities at Work

When applying for jobs, it is usually a best practice to research more about the company and how the business operates. I have realized that being a talented professional does not rely solely on giving everything I have got just to align my technical credentials to the job qualifications. It is about what values I will demonstrate that fits to the company culture where all parties involved can benefit from my leadership and communication styles. All of this is what I am going to defend in the virtual or face-to-face job interview by being myself expressing with honesty. This is how I came up to an idea in making this presentation about my day-to-day activities at work.

On my first day of work as a newly hired employee, it is always best to demonstrate professional behavior when meeting someone new for the first time in person because I will also work with them when the time comes considering that I am in a probationary status. Arriving on time, abiding to the company rules, communicating respectfully, being honest, having a positive attitude, taking responsibility, helping others, and being reliable are my values that I am going to uphold on the next days to come as a responsible employee of the company.

Suppose my work schedule is fixed from **8 AM** to **5 PM**, Mondays to Fridays. When a new day starts, I usually woke up very early around 3 to 5 AM in the morning when I feel that there are so much things I need to work on in the office until I came up with a high-quality delivery output which will be presented to my team, the management, and eventually the company's clients for approval before the deployment of the product. Considering that a company has its own competitors, adding an extra layer of security and more features to the product can be beneficial if there is an added value to flourish its business operations. My daily end goal as a professional is to increase user engagement and provide convenience to the team to maintain a positive and productive work environment.

Regarding how I get along well with others, I will first get to know the people around me. I would greet them by saying "**Hello XXXX, good morning!**" with a positive tone of voice every day in the morning before the work schedule starts. Depending on what will happen next, I would observe my surroundings while staying focus on my task that I am going to work on that can matter for the company. When my boss calls me, I would give my attention to him and follow what he has to say. After each meeting, I would express my gratitude to my boss for his time and effort in reaching out to me. Whatever the outcome of this will depend on my performance in the remaining days assigned to me to make a valuable progress. To my colleagues, I would just be myself and express my thoughts about a particular topic aligned to their field of interest. I may share ideas, give recommendations, or tell some funny jokes to make them happy. When the time end work schedule has reached, it is a respectful manner to let my senior colleagues leave the office first by saying goodbye and stay safe to them before I consider leaving, especially if I make significant valuable progress within the day.

Regarding the technical skills that I have acquired so far, this will depend on what type of request the company will assign to me. As a software developer, when I create a project from scratch, it is either to start on coordinate with a client or my immediate supervisor regarding the plans of the project. Whatever the instructions they have assigned to me, I must demonstrate a straightforward approach of delivering my work output when the presentation date comes aligned with their expectations. If the client or my immediate supervisor expects me to showcase a finished mobile application for diabetic patients, I must prove to them that I have developed a working application that is now ready to use that is also compatible with different platforms such as a tablet, laptop, or even a TV in Android, iOS, and other mobile platforms to reach a wider scope of audience, regardless of how many stages I am going to take to come up with a high-quality product.

This standard approach of delivery is what I will prove once I mastered the in-demand technologies needed listed in the job requirements on the posting. I am currently applying my user experience design techniques in my upcoming personal project, so when I learn another in-demand modern technologies that can matter to the job market today, I must prove myself that I can work on them too within the standard time frame up to the opportunity of managing corporate level real-life projects. Not to mention that I must uphold my values as a professional individual everywhere to maintain a positive and productive environment.
