# My Perspective on using Artificial Intelligence in Business

**Artificial Intelligence** is considered one of the most in-demand field in the job market right now based on what impact it may bring to the consumers and businesses. It requires full proficiency in different areas of mathematics such as Algebra, Geometry, Statistics & Probability, Calculus, and many others. Besides, a Machine Learning Engineer must have a supercomputer with at least **64 GB** RAM to manage corporate level real-life Artificial Intelligence software applications. Artificial Intelligence became more popular when **[ChatGPT](https://openai.com/index/chatgpt/)** has launched to the world in the 1st quarter of year 2023 that even mainstream media has televised it.

The **primary goal** in every business is to flourish its economy by increasing revenues and sales, raise capital, and minimize expenditures to maintain operations and services for its clients. This can be accomplished through unity within the team, showcasing their unique selling point, applying robust resources to fulfill client's requests efficiently, and continuous high-quality assistance to increase client's engagement in the business.

As standards in the job market right now are getting more competitive to the point that overall job qualifications of a particular vacant position is the work of three people, it can be overwhelming to a newly hired professional who are still using a traditional approach to manage workloads within the deadline. This is why I become more passionate about Artificial Intelligence due to its potential to make our work easier and more efficient in many ways. Artificial Intelligence is the career of the future. It can tackle manpower issues, improve economic growth, and supervise unaccompanied people that no one will be with them for the rest of their lives.

There is also a saying that many people will be affected by unemployment because of Artificial Intelligence. On the other hand, those jobs that become obsolete have transformed into new roles with new titles. I will give you an example. Way back in 1800s, people during that time are looking for **Knocker Upper** who is responsible for waking up people by making loud noises, shooting peas at their windows or tapping on the glass using a long pole to wake them up. When electronic clocks were invented, Knocker Upper position has become obsolete and has replaced to **Mobile App Developer** position who maintains Clock application for iOS or something like that. Therefore, if you are in the position who may be affected by unemployment somewhere in the future, it is about time not to be complacent. Stop procrastinating, start learning Artificial Intelligence tools, and how to use them as soon as possible. You may also consider taking a different path in your career journey which cannot be replaced by Artificial Intelligence.
